This file contains some information that may be useful if you want to modify
Dino.

IF YOU HAVE GIT WRITE ACCESS
============================

PUSHING
=======
When pushing commits and tags to the central repository, please use the 
./dpush script instead of 'git push'. It sends a message describing the
commits to CIA (see http://cia.vc/stats/project/dino) which then distributes
them to anyone else who is interested.

BRANCH POLICY
=============
Feel free to create as many branches in the central repository as you like!
Branches are good. They allow you to experiment with complex things without
breaking the main code, and they allow others to track and test your work.
However, in order to keep the build system happy when creating tarballs and
things like that you should tag your branches. The first commit in every new
branch that is not in the parent branch should be tagged using the following
command:

  git tag -a -s Version_BASEVERSION.mybranch.0

where BASEVERSION is the version name of the parent commit (run ./VERSION to
find it) and mybranch is a name for the new branch, which only needs to be
unique among the branches starting from BASEVERSION. For example, if ./VERSION
for the parent commit returns '0.3.220' and you want to name your branch 
'pythongui', you would tag the first commit in the branch with this command:

  git tag -a -s Version_0.3.220.pythongui.0

The VERSION script will then know to call the next commit in this branch 
0.3.220.pythongui.1, the next one after that 0.3.220.pythongui.2 and so on.

When you merge a branch back into its parent branch you need to tag the merge
commit so the VERSION script doesn't get confused. If the commit in the parent
branch just before the merge commit was 0.3.235, you should tag the merge:

  git tag -a -s Version_0.3.236

i.e. you should add 1 to the last number.

You can of course also create branches off other branches than the master,
and then BASEVERSION will still be the version of the parent commit. If you
for example would start a new branch for drawing flashy buttons off the commit
0.3.220.pythongui.12, you should tag the first commit in that new branch with:

  git tag -a -s Version_0.3.220.pythongui.12.flashybuttons.0

The version names tend to get long, but they are very nice and descriptive with
the branch history embedded in them.
